README.md, before:

# Developer Page
My website where I keep favorite/useful links and write about things I discover during development.

The top-level directory of this repo is the web root, as required by GitHub Pages. The development directory is `src`.

# Building
Running `make all` will build all pages. Requires markdown and a small preprocessor I wrote (found in `lib`) for file inclusion and inline code execution.

# Folder Structure

# Top-level Directory (webroot)

## add-bookmark.sh
Appends bookmark name and url to bookmarks page.

## lib
Binaries used for building.

## assets, blog, \*.html
Assets (images, stylsheets) are served from here, and blog is where blog posts are served from and are linked to on `blog.html`. Any HTML files are already processed and being served.

I may also keep useful files in the top-level directory for my own use.

# src (development)

## blog
All blog posts.

## includes
Partials to be included throughout site (i.e. head, footer), as well as partials intended for specific pages.

## pages
All pages for this website (excluding blog posts).

Commit message:

added info on src/assets to readme

README.md, after:

# Developer Page
My website where I keep favorite/useful links and write about things I discover during development.

The top-level directory of this repo is the web root, as required by GitHub Pages. The development directory is `src`.

# Building
Running `make all` will build all pages. Requires markdown and a small preprocessor I wrote (found in `lib`) for file inclusion and inline code execution.

# Folder Structure

# Top-level Directory (webroot)

## add-bookmark.sh
Appends bookmark name and url to bookmarks page.

## lib
Binaries used for building.

## assets, blog, \*.html
Assets (images, stylsheets) are served from here, and blog is where blog posts are served from and are linked to on `blog.html`. Any HTML files are already processed and being served.

I may also keep useful files in the top-level directory for my own use.

# src (development)

## assets
Assets (images, stylesheets) are kept here, and are currently only copied over to top-level directory to be served (no further processing).

## blog
All blog posts.

## includes
Partials to be included throughout site (i.e. head, footer), as well as partials intended for specific pages.

## pages
All pages for this website (excluding blog posts).
